Update NodeHealthCheck minHealthy guidance for hyperconverged storage (#116405)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-configuring-node-health-checks-for-vms.adoc

metadata:
  name: nodehealthcheck-sample
spec:

>   minHealthy: <node_count - 1 (hyperconverged) or minimum required cluster nodes to run workloads>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  minHealthy: <count>
```
Let's do a user replaceable variable here, and then have the explanation below

Author: Updated. Thanks!

+
where:
+

> * `spec.minHealthy` defines the number of worker nodes required to host VMs that migrate from failed nodes. For critical environments, set this value to the minimum number of nodes that you require to maintain the cluster workload. For hyperconverged storage, set it to node_count - 1 to limit remediation to a single worker-node failure and maintain storage stability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `spec.minHealthy` defines the number of worker nodes required to host VMs that migrate from failed nodes.
** For critical environments, set this value to the minimum number of nodes that you require to maintain the cluster workload.
** For hyperconverged storage, set this value to one less than your number of nodes to limit remediation to a single worker-node failure and maintain storage stability.
```

Author: Updated. Thanks!
